Added notes about password file. Updated command line argument examples. (#353)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/tdvt.md

   ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/tdvt_connection_2.png)

> 1. Run `tdvt action --add_ds mydb`. Chose to generate the password file and pick the logical query config. This will create a mydb.ini file under /config and will modify your two TDS files to rename the connection and link them to the tds/mydb.password password file.

Reviewer: A few edit suggestions: Change 'Chose' to "Choose" to generate the password file and pick the logical query config. This creates a mydb.ini file under /config and modifies your two TDS TDS files to rename the connection and ....

> 1. Edit the generated tds/mydb.password file and enter the password for your connection. This can also be done manually. See [The Sample TDS Files](https://github.com/tableau/connector-plugin-sdk/tree/master/tdvt/samples/tds)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the generated tds/mydb.password file and enter the password for your connection. 
This can also be done manually by creating a new file named using the format `datasource.password` (e.g. `postgres.password`). Save your password in the file using the following key/value format `datasourcetestname;password`, e.g.:
```
 postgrestestname;hunter2
```
See [The Sample TDS Files](https://github.com/tableau/connector-plugin-sdk/tree/master/tdvt/samples/tds)
```

## Architecture

Each datasource has an associated collection of test suites defined in the mydb.ini file.
You can see these by running `tdvt list --ds mydb`.

> When you invoke `tdvt run mydb` each test suite runs on it's own thread.

Reviewer: change it's to its
